## Name: Ashton Corliss
### Age: 12 Height: 5'3"

Although Backwater is certainly a pleasant town full of good people, it is also
a town full of secrets. Learning these secrets is your passion, an obsession
really. You're always listening in on other people's conversations, to find out
what you can. You know that it's not the right thing to do, but it's worth it
to be in the know. You can't stand not knowing about things. You love having
secrets not only for the pleasure of knowing things that others do not, but
also because it allows you to meddle in people's affairs.  You enjoy the way
that people turn to you for advice, and you do generally do your best to help
people out (without revealing that you know more than you should).

Your job delivering the town's mail and your habit of reading through it have
given you access to loads of secrets. As it turns out, applying steam to the
seal of an envelope allows it to be opened and resealed later without so much
as a trace. You've learned lots of juicy gossip through this method: You knew
about Rowan's transition before she was out, you know about the rather
scandalous letters that Mr. Johnson down the street sends to his mistress, you
even know a few things about the Arson case that was being investigated before
everyone disappeared.  

Police interviewed a witness, and send the testimony through the mail. The
witness said they saw someone at the house on the hill that night, walking
away. The witness couldn't see them very clearly, but they were definitely an
adult. They also thought for a moment that they saw a sillouhette of a figure
inside the burning building, but they were almost certain it was just their
imagination.

Another hobby of yours is going out into the woods for camping trips. There's
something about getting in touch with nature that's very soothing to you. Of
course, this also overlaps with your information gathering habbits: you often
come across interesting things in the woods, and you know them like the back of
your hand. A month or two ago, you found a strange stone circle in a clearing,
far away from where anyone would normally fare. It looked to be some kind of
ritual or something, like witchcraft. You've also seen Audrina's secret little
hut where she performs her experiments. She sneaks off into the woods to do
things like cutting up frogs and squirrels. It kind of grosses you out a little
bit, but who are you to judge? Lately, her hut burned down, and she's been very
upset ever since. You aren't sure if it was an accident or another intentional
arson, but if it was it was probably the person from the house on the hill as
well.

You are very upset by the current situation, not because the whole town is gone
(although that is certainly distressing) but rather because there is clearly
a huge secret related to what's going on, and you aren't part of it. Yet.
You'll make sure to fix that tonight.

\pagebreak

**Secret**: You obsessively collect secrets and spy on everyone in town.

**Goals**:

1. Find out as many secrets as you can, and use this knowledge to your
   advantage.

2. Figure out what the hell is going on in this town.

3. Get people to deliver mail to each other through you. Got to keep up
   appearances and all!
