## Name: Professor Béla Drašković
## Age: 57 Height: 5'6"

The Drašković name has been part of Backwater's legacy since the first
settler's laid foot here. Coming from a line of skilled merchants, the
Drašković family soon rose to prominence in the town selling wares procured by
the settler's more suited to quaint lifestyles. Constructing a fine manor near
the town hall, the Drašković family permanently staked their claim as the
cornerstone of Backwater's success. For generations, the Drašković family kept
Backwater on the map. The family manor stood glamourous amongst the humble
shops and abodes of the townspeople, and outlasted sweeping rennovations
intended to update the town from its early roots.

Of course, that was all years ago. Since then, the manor has nearly become an
uninhabitable relic. The money left to the Drašković name was wasted away with
your father's horrendous gambling habits, and necessary repairs are for the
most part left undone. The manor still holds prestige as one of the oldest
buildings in town (actually, the oldest with the destruction of the House), but
aesthetically, it's not much to look at anymore. Your family's history has
always filled you with a sense of pride. You revered your ancestors for their
ability to direct the energy of the people, and longed to live up to their
legacy. However, the idea of politics is so unsavory. Rife with liars and
scandals, you could never bear to throw your lot in with them. You wanted to
help mold minds and guide people to their full potential. Yes, education was
always the path for you.

You love your job. Especially since most of the kids from your hometown end up
attending your university, you get to know them all fairly well from a young
age. You're able to learn their learning styles and interests, and if any of
them are willing to listen long enough, you love to tell them stories about the
past. Where we came from, you believe, is incredibly important to understanding
where we're going.

Unfortunately, loving your job isn't enough to make it take care of everything
you need. Because the university isn't very well funded (let's be honest, it's
a community college, calling it a university is a bizarre inside joke the whole
town is in on), your bank account isn't really well funded either. It's good
enough pay that you can afford food and clothes and even some of your favourite
luxuries (fine wine) from time to time. You're also able to procure some rare
and antique books from Veda's store, although Veda generally sells them so
cheap, you're hardly sure she knows what they're worth. What it doesn't cover
is the expense of taking care of your mother.

It was one of Veda's damn books and a turn in your mother's health for the
worse that started this whole mess. Her health had been slowly fading for a
while now: occasional loss of memory, weaker legs, needing help in day to day
tasks. The cost of aging. Then she got sick. The doctors told you that she’d
likely need to be moved out to get the care she needed, and their quote was
nowhere near what you could afford. You hit the wine a little hard that night,
angry and scared. You peeked into her room to check on her while she slept. She
looked frail and small. Nothing like the strong mother you knew and loved in
your youth. Angry and scared, you shut yourself in your study and hoped to lose
yourself in a comforting book for a while. 

Rather than one of your usual favourites, you were drawn to a curious title
that you'd picked up recently at the bookstore. You grabbed it because it was
obviously valuable, but the topic was strange. It seemed to be focused on a
variety of occult rituals. Hitting the wine pretty hard, you browsed
through the different rituals until one seemed to suck you in. The ritual
claimed to summon a spirit that would grant the performer one heartfelt desire. 

It was silly, it was simple, and the more you looked at the page, the more your
alochol-addled state seemed to find it something worth trying. "Worst that can
happen is it doesn't work, right?"

You were wrong. You were so, absolutely wrong. You don't know what this ritual
really did, but it certainly didn't grant any wish you held. On completion of
the ritual, the room you were in filled with fog so thick you couldn't see your
hand if it was touching your nose. You were entombed in a fear so strong, you
thought for sure something was going to burst from within you. After what
seemed like an eternity, the fog blasted through the window, shattering the
glass. Soon after that, everyone started disappearing, and now you're here.

You've been looking for a way to reverse the ritual since then. The only lead
you have seems to be destroying the object you used to "guide your wish." It
was a simple necklace your mother owned, just a plain chain really. Your mother
never was the ostentacious type. The necklace disappeared with the fog, but
finding it is your only hope. You're not really sure what you need to do with
it after you find it, but you can't let yourself be stalled anymore. Tonight's
probably your last chance.

**Secret:** You performed a ritual that's causing everyone to disappear.

**Goals:**

1. Fix this mess you made 

2. Keep your students (Rowan, Lily, and Oscar) safe

3. Get one of the children to listen to your stories, they could use a bit of a distraction
