## Name: Callie Meyers
### Age: 8 Height: 4'7"

Father Lehrmann is missing. You aren't sure what happened, you distinctly
remeber playing with him a few weeks ago, and then putting him carefully back
on the shelf, in between Professor Drašković and Corvana. However, you came
back the next day and he was gone! Whoever stole it did a good job of
rearranging all of them so there wasn't a noticable gap, but you noticed
immediately. You have a doll for every single person in this town, and you love
them like real people. Each one of them you made by hand, and you can't believe
someone would just steal one like that!

Normally you would assume that it was your parents; they never liked your
hobby, and they thought it was creepy. They were always saying things like "Why
don't you get some real friends?", or "How about we get you some nice *normal*
dolls, that don't look like real people?".  Sheesh, talk about annoying. It
can't have been them, though - they disappeared last week.

Good riddance, honestly. They were always nagging you to get your chores done,
and clean your room, and boring stuff like that. They would also hurt you
sometimes, although not as much as they hurt each other.  Ever since they've
been gone, you've had lots of time to play with your dolls, acting out fun
situations with the other townspeople. You've got plenty of snacks in the
cupboard, so what do you even need them for? And the fact that the
schoolteachers have disappeared as well means you never have to go to school,
which is an added bonus.  Honestly, you could get used to this.

In general, you try to keep your dolls secret from the rest of the town. They'd
probably find them creepy too. You hate it when people tease your for being
weird. It makes you get really mad. Luckily, your anger comes in handy
sometimes. If you ever need anything, you can just scream and cry until
somebody comes to help you. It never fails.


\pagebreak

**Secret**: You make dolls of the people in town.

**Goals**:

1. Find Father Lehrmann.

2. Stop your parents from coming back. They're no fun.

3. Throw a tantrum to get your way.
