## Name: Killian 'Flash' Walker 
### Age: Age: 19 Height: 5'11"

Your name is Flash Walker, and you've been moving quickly as long as you can
remember.  Even when you were supposed to be sitting still, you couldn't stop
yourself from moving.  Rubbing your arm, tapping your feet, vocalising a
tuneless song, you were always in motion.  It helps keep you calm, for the most
part. Your need for speed translates into pretty much every part of your life,
even your speech. Your mouth sometimes moves before your brain, and you
sometimes accidentally say things that get people mad at you. You always try to
make it up to them. You're not rude, really. You've gotten pretty good at
making apology treats, and it helps that you find cooking really fun.  

Honestly though, running so much all the time isn't entirely because you want
to. You've been haunted since childhood by the Not Good Thing, and whenever it
catches up to you, you end up hurt, sad and alone. You've never been able to
see what the Not Good Thing is, and you've definitely never been able to fight
back against it. You can feel it coming, however, and that's when you start
running. You've gotten good at being able to outrun it, good enough that when
you joined the track team at Oscar's suggestion, you not only became the star
runner, but able to land a really good scholarship at a large university far
away.  You love going to that university. The Not Good Thing doesn't seem to be
able to find you there, and as long as you're away, you can relax a lot more
than you can at home.  It gives you a lot more time to focus on other things
you're interested in. Namely, the eldritch. 

The kids at school would always look at you strangely for reading such 'weird'
material all the time, but you were never really bothered by what they thought.
Besides, the eldritch is fascinating. You've been interested in it as long as
you can remember, and you can't ever seem to get enough of it. You've read
basically everything that you could get your hands on about it, which has been
a fair amount, especially since Veda's bookstore always seems to have plenty of
obscure books. You definitely miss Veda's store while you're away, but that's
pretty all you long for from Backwater. Well, the bookstore and Oscar. 

Oscar was always a really good friend to you. You never quite got along with
the children your own age (or really any age for that matter), but Oscar didn't
seem to mind your speed.  Even when you broke out running to get away from the
Not Good Thing and left him in the dust, whenever you stopped he would be
tagging along behind, generally wheezing and asking you why you did that, but
never mad at you for it. You never were able to tell him about the Not Good
Thing. You know it's real, but you also know that he'd think you were crazy.
You couldn't stand to lose the one person in this town that made it even
remotely safe.

That's also why you haven't been able to bring yourself to talk him about the
incident from the end of senior year. Some kids had been teasing you about
something, you can't really remember what, and Oscar overheard them. He got
really, really mad. You're not sure why, they weren't being mean to him, and it
wasn't like you weren't used to it.  But he ended up hurting those kids. Like,
a lot. You know they ended up in the hospital for a few weeks, and Oscar was
suspended for almost as long. But what you remember most was the look on
Oscar's face once he calmed down and realised what he'd done. His face was so
sad and broken, you wanted to help him, but before you could do anything he
looked up at you, suddenly frightened, and ran off. It's the only time Oscar's
outrun you. He avoided you until graduation, and you left early in summer for
an intensive-training program.  You haven't been able to connect with him
since.  

You've spent most of this break at Veda's store, hunting for more books on the
eldritch.  One of the last times you were in there, you came across an
enormous, ancient tome that seemed to have a large section on eldritch
creatures. You wanted that book so bad, but you didn't have enough money on
hand to pay Veda for it. You left, and when you came back the next day to get
it, someone had already bought it! Devastated, you left the store, but you
haven't stopped thinking about it since.  

You're pretty sure one of the people here would have bought the book. Rowan,
Corvana, and Drašković are the most frequent visitors to the store, not
including yourself. And Veda, of course, as she owns it. It might seem an
inopportune time to be book-hunting, but despite everything, the Not Good Thing
went away sometime after all this started happening. You feel better than you
have here in Backwater than you have in... well, ever.  The only thing that
would make it better is if you had a nice book on your favorite topic to curl
up with. Honestly, if the Not Good Thing is out of here, you'd do anything to
keep it from coming back. Backwater could be really great if it was gone. 

\pagebreak

**Secret:** You'd rather the town didn't come back because of the Not Good Thing.
**Goals:**

1. Keep the Not Good Thing away

2. Find the Book

3. Reconnect with Oscar

## External Knowledge

*This information is necessary for playing Flash's character, but is not known
by Flash himself. As such, this information should never be shared in-game,
even under the effects of a truth-tell. You should be very careful with how you
allow this information to influence your actions.*

+ Flash Walker is autistic (Flash does know that he's different, but doesn't
  know the exact terminology to describe himself).

+ Flash Walker has lived his entire life bearing strenuous abuse at the hands of
  his parents. Because it has happened from such a young age, and with such
  severity, Flash is unable to mentally process the extent, or even existence, of
  this abuse, and instead characterizes it as being the work of the Not Good
  Thing. Flash does understand what is going on on an unconscious level, and as
  such the goal of keeping the Not Good Thing away translates roughly into
  preventing the return of his parents. 

+ Flash's special interest in the eldritch stems partly from this
  conceptualization of his abuse (although also it's just really cool).

