## Name: Lily McCallister
### Age: 21 Height: 5'4"

You can't really help acting the way you do. Ever since you were young,
stepping out of line has been really painful. Literally. Whenever things are
going wrong in your life, you start getting massive migraines. Like, ones that
make you feel as though your head is about to blow open. Over-the-counter
painkillers never really worked to get rid of them; you just had to fix
whatever was wrong. So you've gotten better at making sure nothing goes wrong
in the first place.  You're incredibly attentive to detail, and you never hang
out with the 'wrong sort' of people. You tend to be pretty in tune when there's
something going on with people too.

But this? This whole mess? Your head has been splitting. Your parents would do
their best to try and alleviate your pain, and your friends were around to at
least provide a bit of a distraction, before all of them disappeared.  But,
especially as people weren't coming back and the situation only got worse,
there was only one thing that's been stopping you from breaking down: morphine.

You volunteer at the local hospital, have since you were 13. Especially since
you could usually tell when something was getting worse, the staff really liked
having you around. They always would remark how good of a doctor you would
make, and eventually you decided that's what you wanted to do with your life.
Might as well use this curse to do something useful. But, no matter how many
appoinments you went to for the headaches (after all, things usually aren't
perfect), none of the doctors you saw would take you seriously. They all said
you were just overreacting due to stress, and that if you just took some
ibuprofen,drank some more water, and got a good night's rest; it would all go
away. 

Then, one day while volunteering, you were asked to pick up a morphine
perscription for one of the patients. Your not really sure why they asked you;
you're not qualified to handle medication. But you're so glad they did. The
pharmacist gave you a bottle to deliver to the doctor. You knew they were only
dosing the guy with one or two pills, and that this was going to be locked in a
cart for the nurses to get to easier. You hadn't been planning on something
like this, but the migraines had been especially bad that day. You wanted to
know if it could help you feel even a bit better. So you swiped a few pills
from the bottle. 

And that's all it took. You've been hooked to the stuff since. You'd been able
to keep a steady supply in your house, and the pain wasn't nearly as big of a
deal. But you can't stop taking it, The migraines are even harder to deal with
than before, now that you know there's a way to help them. And, lets be honest.
you crave it.

Unfortunately, you'd been taking more lately, and you haven't been able to get
back into the hospital since it shut down. Your supply ran out a few days ago,
and you've been deeling not only with the headaches, but withdrawls. It's been
awful. You wish you could do anything to get this town back to normal, even if
it's only to get your meds back.

There's one more thing that's been eating away at you. You're in love with your
older sister's best friend. Have been for years. It was already enough of a
headache when it was just because she was Catherine's best friend, but now
that she's a girl too? You don't know how your parents would react to you
saying that you're in love with a girl. You've never really talked to them
about stuff like that before. And you don't know how Catherine would react to
you chasing her friend. She's always been kind of protective of Rowan, and you
know she wouldn't be willing to get involved if there was any drama.

You can't get Rowan out of your mind though. She's beautiful and kind, and
because she doesn't really talk to people outside of her circle, you've been
able to see a part of her that no one else has. Whenever she's comfortable,
she's fun and smart and bright. And her hair is so, so soft-looking. You have
to resist the urge to play with it every time she comes over, even though
you've never really been able to bring yourself to actually talk to her. The
most you've really hung out before is when Rowan was invited to come along on a
family outing (of course, that mostly meant you listened to her talk to
Catherine). Maybe you're awful for thinking like this, but maybe this tragedy
is the perfect time to finally try and approach her. 


 **Secret:** 1. You love Rowan.

2. You're addicted to morphine

**Goals:**

1. Get the town back to normal, you can't stand this

2. Ease your pain. Help someone fix something.

3. Get closer to Rowan, and confess if you feel comfortable.
