## Name: Madelyn Corvana
### Age: 38 Height: 5'3"

You're a work-from home psychic. Tarot spreads, palm readings, coffee and tea
divination, chart readings, you name it. Except for crystal balls. Those are
hokey baloney and any self-respecting psychic would never be seen with one.
You've worked hard to build a name for yourself here in Backwater. While you
were getting started, Veda allowed you to offer your services in her store
(provided you gave discounted readings with the purchase of two or more books).
You grew to be really close friends with Veda, and even after you built enough
of a reputation to work from home, where you could decorate how you like and
fill the place with your best energies, you made a point to visit the store
frequently. It helps that Veda seems to dig up books on topics you like:
gardening, tea making, astrology, etc. 

Honestly though, you're not a psychic. You can't see people's futures; no one
can do that. But you can persuade it, especially when you practice magic. You
mightnot really be psychic, but you are a witch. You took on the psychic role
as a joke with yourself. Why not conceal your practices with another mystical,
hard-to-believe profession? No one would ever suspect it. Most of your
'mystical' environment you tell people is to set the mood for their divination-
the incense, the crystals, the tapestries littered with sigils, the extensive
garden and books on the effects of plants- those are all your actual practices.
Tell people they're just for show, however, and you got a perfect cover. 

You didn't always hide your proclivities, but after you had to run from
Meadowbrook, you decided it might be safer to keep your powers on the down-low.
Things got.. alittle wild there, to be fair. You weren't as in control of your
powers then, as you'd only first started developing them, and you tried to do
some big magic that you didn't really have your head around. People got hurt,
and understandably, they were mad at you. You would have made reparations if
you could have, but they weren't willing to let you. You had to get out of there.

And now you're here. You came to Backwater because your sister could put you up
for a while, and you stayed because you love it here. This place speaks to you
in a way Meadowbrook never did. As improper as it is to say it, you're somewhat
glad that things turned out the way they did. You never would have met the
people you care most about, you never would have reconnected with your
sister(there'd been some major problems between you when you were younger) and
you never would have met your nephew, Flash. He's such a sweet boy.

You like to think you do your part around the town. It's generally in thankless
ways, like slipping elixirs into your candies, or making special herbal teas to
get people through tough spots. The elixirs can help or hinder, depending on
what needs to be done. Some of the children in this town can be downright
nasty, and you'll often give them back a taste of their own medicine. You can't
stand it when people treat each other wrong. Of course, you'll also help those
that need it, whether it's a memory boost to get through that test, or a spell
to help them feel calmer. You help Flash calm down a lot. Poor kid has so much
anxiety, you wish you knew what was going on with him. It'd make it easier to
help him. For now, you can only help with the symptoms.

You stopped doing big magic, for the most part. But curiosity got the better of
you recently. You came across a ritual in one of your books that would allow
you to create an assistant. Not for anything too complicated, just something
that could fetch an ingredient for you at a critical juncture or watch over a
potion that needs to brew over-night. You really like your sleep, and stocking
the fire when the full moon is precicesly 45 degrees from the horizon is not
your ideal pass-time. You were certain that you had the experience to pull this
ritual off, and everything was going exactly as it should have been.

Until it didn't. The circle you were casting in suddenly filled with a thick,
dark cloud, and the flashes of lightning it gave off were the only way you
could see what happened inside. The helper form mutated, shifting from crow to
human. Another flash, and the circle was broken. The human completely
disappeared. Panicked, you roamed the streets for hours, searching for anything
that would give you clue as to where it had gone, but you didn't find anything.
You know it's still around, you'd gotten far enough in the ritual that you'd
created the item intended to loosely bind your energy to it (which you now wear
as a necklace), and you can still feel that connection. You're almost certain
it's masquerading as one of the townspeople, which means it's here tonight. The
first people disappeared not long after the ritual went haywire, and you can't
help but feel it's your lack of control that caused it. You're going to fix it.
You're going to figure out who the fraud is and remove them. Hopefully, you can
bring everyone back.

Otherwise, you're going to remain on the alert. You care deeply about the
people of this town, and you're going to make sure that as many people make it
through as safe as possible. You can feel the energy in the room, and you know
some people are on the brink of losing it from all the stress they're under. If
anyone snaps and tries to hurt the other people, you'll do whatever is in your
power to stop them. And you do mean whatever.

  **Secret:**

1. You are a witch.
 
2. You believe that you artifically created one of the people here.

**Goals:**

1. Find the false person, fix your mistake.

2. Protect the innocent, punish the wicked, however it needs to be done.

3. Help out Flash, if you can. 
