## Name: Oscar Rayn
### Age: 18 Height: 6'4"

With the coming of the fog, and the eerie quiet it has brought, your thoughts
have been even more restless of late. Usually, you can keep your thoughts
occupied with your hobbies and friends, but you've had no such luck these last
few weeks; as much as you try to avoid it, your thoughts keep circling back to
the event that happened at the end of Junior year.

You didn't mean to do it. You think you didn't at least. You hope you didn't.
They'd been harassing Flash, taking all the qualities about him that you loved,
that made you respect him so highly - his earnestness, his obsessive interests
in the unknown, his stimming habits, and most of all the fact that he doesn't
care what others think - and twisted them into barbs, deriding him for being
different. You couldn't stand to listen to them, and you did what you had to to
get them to stop. The images of their bloody faces still haunt you, but not as
much as the look of fear on Flash's face.

They aren't the only people that hurt Flash. People say things behind his back,
because he's different. It makes your blood boil. You're pretty sure his
parents do it too. You aren't sure, and whenever you ask Flash has either
dodged the question, given strange answers that you didn't really understand,
or acted like he nothing was wrong, even when you could tell that it was.
You're not sure that he even really processes the things that they do to him
sometimes, at least not on a conscious level. You try to avoid the topic
though, as you wouldn't want to upset him.

You love Flash. He's been your closest friend since elementary school, and that
friendship slowly developed into something much more - On your part, at least.
You used to think that you had a decent chance, but after the incident, there's
no way he could still have feelings for you... right? No, best to not think
about that, don't get your hopes up.

After it happened, you haven't been able to stomach the thought of violence.
Despite what some people assume about you because of your size, you are
a gentle person at heart. You used to do wrestling, yes, but that was a sport,
and you enjoyed it for the fitness and honing your skills, not for the
violence. Needless to say, what enjoyment you gained from the sport is gone,
which is a shame considering how good you were at it. These days, you've taken
up tai chi and whittling, which have both helped a lot with your stress.
Certainly not the most macho, but they're nice, and tai chi still keeps you
active and requires focus.

You go to the local community college at the town next to Backwater, and you'll
be a sophomore this coming year, once break is done. You kind of wish you could
have travelled out of state to stay with Flash, but your grades weren't ever
that good, and you lost the opportunity to get there on a sports scholarship
when you gave up wrestling. You're happy that he's back and you can see him
again, even though coming home clearly brought him a lot of stress.

As for current events, you aren't sure what to think. The fog scares you, of
course - nobody even kind of understands what's going on, and you feel as
though you, or even worse Flash, could be taken away at any moment. You
naturally want to save everybody who has already been taken, too... Or at least
you feel as though it should be natural. Not many other people have noticed,
because they don't know him as well, but Flash has seemed better then ever
since his family disappeared. He'd never say such a thing, of course, but he is
more relaxed, and happier that usual despite the fear that surrounds the town.
Maybe things would be best if they stayed gone... Or maybe that's a horrible
thing to think. You're not sure yet, and if it came down to it you don't know
what you would choose.

**Secret**:

You are in love with Flash.

**Goals**:

1. Protect Flash at all costs, and do what you think is best for him.

2. Get back at a bully, without using violence.

3. Get a read on how Flash feels about you, and confess your feelings.
