## Name: Rowan Archer
### Age: 22 Height: 5'7"

Life's been on the up for you ever since you started living life as your true
self two years ago. You'd felt wrong living as Damien for a long time, but
you'd never been able to understand your experience, try as you might. Then you
went to your first year of college and fell in with a group of people who felt
the same as you, and they helped you process your feelings. Damien was always
wrong, because Damien wasn't who you were. You were a girl!

Things turned around quickly as they helped you unearth yourself from years of
social conditioning, and you never felt so confident in yourself. You were
still kind of quiet, preferring to sit in a corner reading than going out to
parties and whatnot, or, if you were feeling particularly active, heading down
to the soccer field and drilling by yourself. You know that soccer's a team
sport, but you definitely enjoy the feel of moving the ball over the feeling of
playing as a group. 

The hardest part was when you went home for the first time. No one knew that
you weren't Damien anymore, and the fact that everyone kept recognising you as
him was incredibly uncomfortable. However, you weren't sure if you were ready
to come out to people, and it took a lot of encouragment from people you
trusted with your secret (Mostly Catherine(who's missing now) and Lehrmann).
Eventually you did it though, and everyone seemed more or less willing to
accept you as is.  Which is great. You're glad you can live authentically in
your hometown. It's still kind of lonely being the only person in your town
that's not cishet, you'd like to be able to find people you know to relate to
at home.

Well, mostly. There's definitely a part of you that you haven't been able to
share with anyone though, and you don't really think you'll ever want to. The
thing is, you're a medium. Like, able to channel the dead and hear their
stories kind of medium. You've always been able to do this, but your dad
discouraged you from talking about it as a young age, and you've been wary to
talk about it to anyone ever since. You've always secretly really proud of your
abilities, however. You know that they're special and can fulfill important
tasksif the situation calls for it. It's also made you really sensitive towards
other people who claim to do anything similar to you. Especially Corvana. Her
service is so trumped up and typical for people trying to fake their way in the
business. You try to give her the benefit of the doubt, but even when you
visited her for a palm reading as a kind of 'test,' she wasn't able to see you
for who you were. And that made you sure she isn't quite what she claims to be. 

You tend to visit Veda's bookstore a lot. The environment there is really nice,
and there isn't often too many people there to bother you. Someimes you run
into Flash, but he's not really interested in socialising much, and the two of
you mostly stay out of each other's way. You often end up at the bookshop even
when you don't intend to be there, even absent-mindedly wandering the town
often ends up leaving you at the doorstep of the store. You're not quite sure
what's so alluring about the place, but, no matter the case, the bookstore is
definitely your home away from home.

Everyone's disappearance has been really hard on you. Your mother ran out on
your family when you were still small. The only thing about her that you
remember is her frantically saying she couldn't handle having a kid anymore.
How it was your fault that she couldn't relax in her own home anymore. How she
pushed you away as you ran to her, crying. Your dad's always been really kind
to you, and you know that he loves you, but your mom running out on you
definitely left some permanent scars. You've always been afraid of the people
important to you ditching out, and now, whether they want to or not, they are.
Your dad and basically your only friend are already gone, and while you've
grown up with the rest of the people here, you're not nearly as close to them
as you are to anyone else. Father Lehrmann is your closest confidant left, and
you've taken some classes from the Professor. Lily was your best friend's
younger sister, so you might be able to relate to her, even though you never
talked much before. You don't really think anyone is going to be coming back
though, and you haven't even been able to channel your dad. Maybe he did just
ditch out, so scared of what was happening he just ditched his daughter... 

**Secret:** You're a spirit medium.

**Goals:**

1. Find out if there's anyone else in Backwater that's lgbt

2. Expose Corvana

3. Figure out what happened to everyone, even though they're probably beyond your reach
