## Name: Soren Ryker
### Age: 13 Height: 5'0"

You're cool. Super cool. Chill as ice, obviously. You can't be bothered to care
about anything: not school, or chores, and especially not your future. It's all
about enjoying the now, right? You joined up with the group that's got it the
right ideas, and you have fun causing trouble about town. Usually little
things, like tagging buildings or, gasp, loitering, but once one of your buddies
lifted a pack of cigarettes from their mom's purse and you all got to try one. 

Honestly, you wish you had one of those cigarettes now, or even just a couple
of your friends to make light of the situation with. This whole ordeal has been
really freaking you out. You can't believe you're saying it, but you're worried
about your shitty familiy. You aren't willing to believe they're gone yet, and
you'd like to do something to get them back. Despite the pain you've endured at
home, your family has still always been there for you, you know?  Even when
you've been cuffed a bit too hard for skipping class again, or 'wrestling' got
too rough and snapped your arm, they still always let you know they cared.

Of course, that just might have been because they had to. You always made sure
to do enough favours for them that they had to pay you back for all the
kindness you've given. You had to learn from a young age that people taking
care of each other is an exchange. You scratch their back, they scratch yours.
It's the natural order of things, and you like to make sure that you come out
on top. You're not going to let people use you, and it really upsets you when
people don't pay back what they owe.

Audrina is a whole other set of problems. You guys were friends growing up,
your parents were friends so you were expected to hang out a lot. Audrina's
always been into doctor-stuff, and she always took note of your injuries. She'd
try to tend to them if you'd let her, although of course you didn't let her
muck around with anything more than the occasional sprained ankle. You never
were able to do anything to pay her back for all the times she took care of
you. At first, you weren't too bothered, because you figured it was a mutual
transaction: you let her play doctor, she helped your body hurt a little less
(normally). However, even when you wouldn't let her touch the injuries, she'd
still try and take care of you. Bringing you games, or soup, or sometimes just
hanging out while you were stuck in bed.

As you got older, it became weird to hang out with kids that were years younger
than you. You didn't want to have to start a tab with everyone at school, so
to stay safe, you cut Audrina out before paying back the debt you owe. Being in
debt drives you nuts, it would be better if Audrina could just go away....

You don't know if you could handle that, actually. You'd miss her a lot, even
though you always try and put up a front that she's just an annoyance. She's
always been there for you, even though you're crazy in debt to her. Perhaps
keeping her safe through the night would be a way to repay her, even a bit.

**Secret:** You consider Audrina your only real friend.

**Goals:** 

1. Protect Audrina

2. Pay someone a favour so they have to pay you back. If they don't, make them pay.

3. Do your best to recover the people of the town. 
