## Name: Veda Azeri
### Age: 31 Height: 5'10"

You run the local used bookstore in Backwater, and you absolutely love your
job. You're a bit of a bookworm yourself, and being surrounded by the creaky
shelves full to the brim with stories is just how you like it. Often, when
there aren't very many customers, you choose to curl up next to the fireplace
rather than stay at the counter. Nothing feels better than a nice mug of coffee
and a good read. You're never short of books, and you can always find something
new and exciting buried in a shelf somewhere.

You are frequently visited by Professor Drašković, who always buys whatever old
and rare books you happen to be selling; Rowan, who's been coming to your store
since she was a child and loves to wrap herself up in a good book and escape
the world; and Flash, who likes to come in to escape the people who make fun of
him. You get plenty of other people too, of course, but those three are
definitely your most valued customers. Just a few weeks ago, Drašković bought
a whole stack of old books, including some really rare ones. You think one of
them was about magic or something? Not exactly your average bookstore buy.

The bookstore isn't exactly normal either, however. You'd never let anyone else
find out, but you don't actually get your books from anywhere. They just have
a tendency to appear on the shelves - never when someone you're watching, but
you know that it's happening. It's been happening for the last 15 years or so.
The store provides a nice selection of books: most are fairly normal, like
childrens books or popular novels, but every once in a while a book shows up
that is very rare, or very valuable. Rarer still, some books appear which are
decidedly abnormal. Around half a year ago, you encountered a tome that seemed
to be bound in some kind of leather, but when you picked it up it was warm, and
you could feel it pulsating. Older still, probably at least 3 years ago, you
got one that seemed to be watching you, even though it clearly had no eyes.
Whenever these strange books show up, you make a point to get rid of them
immediately by burning them in the fireplace. After all, if someone found one
in the store, who knows what would happen?

Encountering those books is always an unpleasant experience, but the fire makes
it better. You really enjoy burning things, to an unhealthy degree really. THe
beauty of the flames as they slowly, delicately consume all they come across is
one of your favorite things to watch. You've had these desires since you were
a child, but you always fought them off until recently. A few weeks ago,
however, the craving got especially strong, and you decided to give in to it.
You picked the old house on the hill, abandoned for generations. It was
a victimless crime, it's not like the place was important anymore. Watching the
flames consume the entire mansion was the most sublime experience you have ever
had; the destructive wrath of nature erupting around the old wooden foundations
and spreading ever upwards - it scratched your itch better than anything ever
had. It eventually wasn't enough, and you ended up burning down a little hut in
the woods. Of course it wasn't as good, but there's only so many structures you
can burn down without hurting someone, so it will have to do for now.

You made a mistake, though. Somebody saw you. You probably would have been
caught and jailed by now if not for the fact that the witness and the police
have all disappeared. It pains you to say it, but in order to protect yourself,
you need to make sure that the police never come back.

\pagebreak

**Secrets**:

1. You have no idea where the books in your store come from, they just appear
   on the shelves.

2. You are an arsonist, and burned down the house on the hill and a hut in the
   woods.

**Goals**:

1. Stop the missing townsfolk from being brought back.

2. Help out Drašković, Rowan, and Flash. They are your best customers, after
   all.

3. ???
